Update user profile and user stories in Developer Guide (#23)
AY2223S1-CS2103-W14-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

#### Design considerations:

**Aspect: How undo & redo executes:**

* **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Saves the entire address book.
    * Pros: Easy to implement.
    * Cons: May have performance issues in terms of memory usage.

* **Alternative 2:** Individual command knows how to undo/redo by
  itself.
    * Pros: Will use less memory (e.g. for `delete`, just save the person being deleted).
    * Cons: We must ensure that the implementation of each individual command are correct.

_{more aspects and alternatives to be added}_

### \[Proposed\] Data archiving

_{Explain here how the data archiving feature will be implemented}_

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## **Documentation, logging, testing, configuration, dev-ops**

* [Documentation guide](Documentation.md)
* [Testing guide](Testing.md)
* [Logging guide](Logging.md)
* [Configuration guide](Configuration.md)
* [DevOps guide](DevOps.md)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## **Appendix: Requirements**

### Product scope

> **Target user profile**:

Reviewer: do you think we should include that the user should be a condo seller, etc.?

| `* *`    | property agent                                     | edit listing details       | update details of listings                                                   |
| `*`      | property agent with many listings in the directory | sort listings by price cap | locate a listing within budget without haveing to go through the entire list |

*{More to be added}*

### Use cases

(For all use cases below, the **System** is the `Condonery` and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified otherwise)

**Use case: Delete a listing**

**MSS**

1.  User requests to list properties
2.  Condonery shows a list of properties
3.  User requests to delete a specific property in the list
4.  Condonery deletes the person

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 2a. The list is empty.

  Use case ends.

* 3a. The given index is invalid.

    * 3a1. Condonery shows an error message.

      Use case resumes at step 2.

*{More to be added}*

### Non-Functional Requirements

1.  Should work on any _mainstream OS_ as long as it has Java `11` or above installed.

> 2.  Should be able to hold up to 1000 persons without a noticeable sluggishness in performance for typical usage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2.  Should be able to hold up to 1000 listings and contacts without a noticeable sluggishness in performance for typical usage.
```

Author: we can add this change under a different pull request for NFRs
